- [Frank] Spring is the most popular framework
for the Java virtual machine,
and the lead it has in the market
isn't getting smaller anytime soon.
Its popularity stems not only from the elegance
of the abstractions that it provides
but it's strong community of supporters and committers.
As with any framework, its utility grows exponentially
once you understand its inner workings
because it allows you to build applications
using the framework as it was designed,
as well as extend it to meet your needs.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I've been working in the software industry
for over 18 years in various aspects
of the development lifecycle.
I have been working with Spring
for almost 12 years of my career,
using it to build and migrate applications
to more modern standards along the way.
I have also been involved with the community
for almost that entire time.
I want to share with you how Spring itself actually works
and how to use that knowledge to your advantage
as a software developer.